News from the Four Seasons Building
Four Seasons Building Tongbai Killer Chun Siniang failed to assassinate
Killed by Han Yang
Is the Four Seasons Building all waste?
There's 100,000 gold
They sent the Bronze Medal Killer
What about Han Yang?
According to the Four Seasons Building
After killing 10,000 people, Han Yang left for He City
He Cheng
I still want to participate in the Yuanmen Martial Selection
Become a Yuan Sect disciple?
If the head of the house is like this
Then my Li family can't avenge my son
The ocean killed my son
How can I save the girl?
What's the point of mixing
Dad
Why are you panicking?
I'm going to Hecheng
What are you going to do in Hecheng?
Dad, I'm going to participate in Yuan Men's No Choice
Nonsense, you go to Hecheng to save people, right?
What are you talking about?
Who am I going to save?
Don't think I don't know
You first let Han Yang participate in the martial election of the original sect
Now the Li family is the United Four Seasons Building
Go to He Cheng to kill Han Yang
Dad housewarming is my best friend
I have to take care of him
Did you take care of it?
Now even a Li family makes me shy away
Plus a four-season tour of thirteen cities
Don't say it's you
Even I could die
But just stay home.
Don't go anywhere